He may have been good in Philadelphia but be is excellent in Forrest Gump.
Tom Hanks delivers another great performance in his career by portraying the lovable,king yet not so intelligent character Forrest Gump.
It is also Tom Hanks' second straight win for the Best Actor Oscar which he becomes the second man to do said accomplishment after Spencer Tracy.
Whilst not as dramatic as Philadelphia,Tom Hanks' performance is just as great in this movie and this movie could possibly be the film of Tom Hanks' career as he used to be a comedy guy who turned to drama in a way which would paved for future stars such as Jim Carrey(The Truman Show),Reese Witherspoon(Walk the Line) and Will Ferrell(Stranger Than Fiction) to name a few.
Also staring in this great movie classic are Robin Wright-Penn who plays Jenny,Gary Sinise who was nominated for an Academy Award for his portrayal of Lieutenant Dan Taylor,Mykelti Williamson as Forrest's best friend and shrimper Benjamin Buford"Bubba" Blue and Sally Field as Mrs.Gump.This film was nominated for a total of thirteen Academy Awards but won six of them which include Best Film Editing,Best Visual Effects,Best Adapted Screenplay,Best Picture,Best Director-Robert Zemeckis and Best Actor-Tom Hanks.
This is one masterpiece of a movie that will not be forgotten about in a long time. Bravo!

Annoying characters, useless dialogue, horrible acting. 
I wondered why the newer Jurassic park movies were so mediocre but it turns out that each of the movies in this series is mediocre starting from the very first one.

This is honestly one of the most overrated films of all time. 
Stephen Spielberg (one of the most overrated directors of all time, who has not made ONE honestly good film (yes, even including 'Jaws')) knew that nobody could objectively criticize this movie, and basically exploited the memory of the Holocaust in order to guarantee himself a 'masterpiece.'

Bette Midler is again Divine! Raunchily humorous. In love with Burlesque. Capable of bringing you down to tears either with old jokes with new dresses or merely with old songs with more power and punch than ever. 
All in All Singing new ballads, power-singing the good old/perennial ones such as "The Rose"; "Stay With Me" and yes, even "Wind Beneath My Wings". 
The best way to appreciate the Divine Miss M has always been libe - since this is the next best thing to it, I strongly recommended to all with a mixture of adult wide-eyed enchantment and appreciation and a child's mischievous wish for pushing all boundaries!
